TSUpdate (#243)
nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter: doc/nvim-treesitter.txt

:TSInstallInfo~

List informations about currently installed parsers
							           *:TSUpdate*
:TSUpdate {language}~

> Update the installed parser of {language} or of all installed languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the installed parser of {language} or all parsers if {language} is omitted.
```

Author: :+1: changed to `or all installed parsers if {language} is omitted`

List informations about currently installed parsers

							           *:TSUpdate*
:TSUpdate {language}~

Update the installed parser of {language} or all installed parsers
if {language} is omitted.

							        *:TSUninstall*

> :TSUninstall {language}~

Reviewer 2: shouldn't these be on the same line ?

Reviewer: If they are in the same line and there is a long function everything will need to be reformatted, so it's easier to maintain in this way.
